OCaml Tour: -New sections- Introduction and Before We Begin. Added REPL definition and double semicolon use (#2336)
ocaml/ocaml.org: data/tutorials/getting-started/1_01_a_tour_of_ocaml.md

  - "lists"
---

## Introduction

> Hop on the OCaml sightseeing bus.
> This absolute beginner tutorial will drive you through the marvels and wonders of OCaml.
> We'll have a look at the most commonly used language features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, we'll have a look at the most commonly used language features.
```
Let's make this more boring.

Author: I liked it fun. My initial thought was the bits about "hop on..." should not be just at the summary, but also in the text itself. But ok, let's make it a bit more boring. 
I think It might be a good idea to work more on the introduction after we go thru the text (in another PR)

No OCaml or functional programming knowledge is required; however, it is assumed the reader has some basic software development knowledge.

The complete tour is divided in two parts.
This first part introduces OCaml's basic features: values, expressions, lists, functions, pattern matching, and more.
In the second part, we'll see how to create our first OCaml project in the [Your First OCaml Program](/docs/your-first-program) tutorial.

## Before We Begin
Before proceeding with this tutorial, please ensure you've installed OCaml and set up the environment, as described on the [install OCaml](/docs/installing-ocaml) page.

> 
> To walk through the basics of OCaml by trying out different elements in an interactive manner, we'll use UTop.
> UTop (Universal Toplevel) allows interacting directly with OCaml by reading and evaluating OCaml phrases like expressions or value definitions and printing the result on the screen.
> You can run UTop by using the `utop` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To walk through the basics of OCaml by trying out different elements in an interactive manner, we'll use UTop. You can run UTop by using the `utop` command. Exit it by pressing `Ctrl+D`.

UTop (Universal Toplevel) allows interacting directly with OCaml by reading and evaluating OCaml phrases like expressions or value definitions and printing the result on the screen.
```

Author: @cuihtlauac 
Yes we need to mention how to exit UTop :-D
I don't think the shift of sentences helps us. 
This is my reasoning:
1st Sentence: Why we'll use something call UTop
2nd Sentence: What is that thing that we will use.
3rd Sentence: How you can start using it.
If we shift the sentences  I feel like it breaks a bit the dynamic.
Does this make sense?

Reviewer: The order you propose is fine for me. Lets just have 
```
You can run UTop by using the `utop` command. Exit it by pressing `Ctrl+D`.
```

  - "lists"
---

## Introduction
Hop on the OCaml sightseeing bus.
This absolute beginner tutorial will drive you through the marvels and wonders of OCaml.
We'll have a look at the most commonly used language features.
No OCaml or functional programming knowledge is required; however, it is assumed the reader has some basic software development knowledge.

> <!-- AC: I think this bit is redundant
> This tutorial is probably not adapted to learn programming.
> -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  - "lists"
---

## Introduction
Hop on the OCaml sightseeing bus.
This absolute beginner tutorial will drive you through the marvels and wonders of OCaml.
We'll have a look at the most commonly used language features.
No OCaml or functional programming knowledge is required; however, it is assumed the reader has some basic software development knowledge.
<!-- AC: I think this bit is redundant
This tutorial is probably not adapted to learn programming.

> -->

Reviewer: Yes, we assume programming (implicitly imperative/oo) but not functional programming

Author: I think it is best to only state the aim of the tutorial. This way the writing has a positive tone

The complete tour is divided in two parts.
The first part is an introduction to OCaml's language features: values, expressions, lists, functions, pattern matching and more.

> In the second part we'll see how to create our first OCaml project in the [Your First OCaml Program](/docs/your-first-program) tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This first part introduces OCaml's basic features: values, expressions, lists, functions, pattern matching and more.
In the second part, we'll see how to create our first OCaml project in the [Your First OCaml Program](/docs/your-first-program) tutorial.
```

## Before We Begin
Before proceeding with this tutorial, please ensure you've installed OCaml and set up the environment, as described on the [install OCaml](/docs/installing-ocaml) page.

> <!-- AC: Already stated on the previous paragraph
> You need to have OCaml installed. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

To walk through the basics of OCaml by trying out different elements in an interactive manner, we'll use UTop.

> <!-- A REPL (also known as toplevel or shell) is a program that *R*eads an input, *E*valuates it, *P*rints the result and *L*oops back to read the next input.-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

UTop (Universal Toplevel) reads and evaluates OCaml phrases like expressions or value definitions evaluates them and prints the result on the screen.

> You can run UTop by using the `utop` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend you walk through this tutorial by trying out its code samples (and your variations) in UTop (Universal Toplevel), an OCaml [REPL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Read-eval-print_loop). It allows interacting directly with OCaml. Phrases are read, evaluated and results print on the screen. Launch UTop by using the `utop` command.
```

> We recommend that you execute the examples we provide, or slight variants of them, in your own environment to get a feel for coding in OCaml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: I'm not entirely sure about this sentences shift. 
The "We recommend..." sentence is a nice closing sentence with the meaning: we gave you this info and this is how we think  you should use it for the upcoming part.

But now that you suggest it, I'm thinking about the possibility of getting rid of REPL altogether.
During the tour you don't need to know what a REPL is in the general sense (like it is now in the doc) but, you do need to know UTop reads, evals and print what you type. 
I'll push another commit trying to mix these past two suggestions.

Reviewer: > But now that you suggest it, I'm thinking about the possibility of getting
> rid of REPL altogether.
> During the tour you don't need to know what a REPL is in the general sense
> (like it is now in the doc) but, you do need to know UTop reads, evals and
> print what you type.

I agree.

- Call functions defined in modules of the OCaml standard library
-->

> <!-- AC: Already in the previous paragraph
> **Note**: We recommend that you try running the code snippets throughout this guide in an OCaml toplevel.  Read the [Introduction to OCaml Toplevel](/docs/toplevel-introduction) to learn how to use it.
> -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

In OCaml, everything has a value, and every value has a type. The above example says, “`50 * 50` is an expression that has type `int` (integer) and evaluates to `2500`.” Since it is an anonymous expression, the character `-` appears instead of a name.

> The double semicolon `;;` at the end tells the toplevel to evaluate and print the result of the given phrase.

Reviewer: Should we already state that double semicolon is not going to be needed when compiling files?

Author: Probably not because I don't think we should ask the reader to keep that in mind through the first part of the tour. It adds little value to this first part. But it is important to state it somewhere, I have seen FP programmers (unfamiliar with OCaml) using `;;` in `.ml` files so it would be valuable to address it, but I think the best place to do it is in the second part.
